{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh14720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I decided to start this website a couple of days ago because I realized that I wasn\'92t really doing anything with my life. My day would start with a run and end with a run but in between I was just wasting time watching videos on youtube, TikTok, or scrolling through Twitter. I was training pretty hard but other than that I wasn\'92t doing anything. I settled on the idea of making a website because I thought it would be good practice before I start my job in a couple weeks and because I would be able to integrate it with running. At first I was planning on writing a blog or just talking about my training but I think I am going to call them essays instead. These essays will be an attempt to explore a topic or answer a question related to running. An essay is an attempt. My hope is that through writing essays I will be able to organize my ideas and help spread information. \
\
Starting this summer I will be an assistant coach at Lancaster Catholic High School. I am looking forward to the season and hopefully getting some high schoolers interested in running. I had a meeting with the coaches a few weeks ago and an individual meeting with one of the athletes. I could see that he really wanted to improve but he just didn\'92t have the information on how to train. I think there are a lot of high school runners in this situation. They want to get better but they don\'92t know how. It\'92s for this reason that I am thinking of starting to coach some athletes individually. I am going to have to think through the logistics a little bit more but it is something that I would really like to do. I enjoy researching training philosophies and physiology. I think I would be able to apply a lot of those concepts to aspiring young runners.}